one spot here is usually cool calm and
collected even though he's naughty too
and he likes to be just as naughty as
stripe but he's a bit more mellow and
he's the one that probably gets beaten
up by his brother also stripes usually
the one to do the naughtier things first
but spot took an opportunity while
stripe was sleeping to feed him in
something you stop fighting me the Cubs
are now using anything and anyone to try
out their new teeth so Giles has a plan
this morning we're gonna see if they
want to use those carnassial teeth that
they've just learned carnassial teeth
are specialist molars that allow
carnivores to slice meat efficiently the
fact that they've got those big chewing
teeth at the back the ones that slice
the meat there's a good indication to me
that they're probably at the point where
they can start to chew their own food so
if these guys are in the wild
mum would definitely be taking them to
where she's made a kill and probably
giving it a go themselves it's a really
really big step because if they take
well to this this morning then you know
you can move on to other stuff this new
phase often triggers the development of
another specific Tiger behavior they
might get a little bit possessive if
they really get into it if they really
like it you might see a little bit of
swiping and snarling and being more food
focused than his brother for his jars
wants firstborn spot to give it a go
you're just what I wanted hmm what's
this what is it are you ready yeah yeah
no she scares me he is my hand no hey he
got positive straight away but he's
using his teeth he's got the idea to the
side yeah if I just let it go he'd keep
swallowing it and so the fact that I
pull it to the side makes him use his
kinesio to
which are the ones that are designed for
cheering off chunks of flesh just I'd
leave him alone for a second turned into
a tiger no good boy John and it's not
long till stripe has his turn this is
stripe and stripe normally isn't as
driven that his food is what spot is
anyway but he's doing a good job it was
the other way around with spot even the
piece of meat
he wouldn't tolerate stripe jumping all
over him like this he'd be possessive
two spots more driven for the food
stripes giving the other guy just easy
being possessive is completely natural
if they've made a kill in the wild then
they're gonna do all they can to keep it
they've spent a lot of energy making
that kill and if they don't eat then
they don't survive so it's worth
investing the energy and being put right
on the inside thigh it's worth the
energy invest in trying to protect it
spot is a little more affectionate one
stripe is the naughty one but when it
comes to food you can see this little
guys definitely much more driven
therefore make him a little bit more
possessive with the Cubs getting
stronger and feisty their days being
able to live with Giles in his family
are numbered
[Music]
you